gh-68320, gh-88302 - Allow for `pathlib.Path` subclassing (#31691)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-03-05-02-14-09.bpo-24132.W6iORO.rst

> Instantiating a direct subclass of :class:`pathlib.Path` raised
> :exc:`AttributeError`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make :class:`pathlib.Path` subclassable. Previously, attempting to subclass ``Path``
resulted in an :exc:`AttributeError`. Patch by Barney Gale.
```

> Make :class:`pathlib.PurePath` and :class:`~pathlib.Path` subclassable.
> Previously, attempting to instantiate a subclass resulted in an
> :exc:`AttributeError` being raised. Patch by Barney Gale.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make :class:`pathlib.PurePath` and :class:`~pathlib.Path` subclassable
(private to start). Previously, attempting to instantiate a subclass
resulted in an :exc:`AttributeError` being raised. Patch by Barney Gale.
```
